So congratulations
on getting to the end of this massive course, that is no small achievment!
Well done! The whole point of this video is to introduce you to the other courses we've got available,
so you can deepen your knowledge. I'm going to introduce you to the courses and the relevent
co-instructors, one by one, and then, at the end I'll summarize, give you all the links
you need, and a special Unity Student Discount. So let's start with
Blender! Blender is a Free 3D Modeling tool, and I've teamed up with...
Hi guys, my name is Michael! ...with Michael! So the problem with Unity is, you can only
make very basic 3D models like cubes and spheres and things.
What can they make with Blender, Mikey? Well anything your imagination gives you,
you can make in Blender. Amazing! And Mikey takes you from complete
beginner. So even if you've done no 3D modeling and you don't think you're an artist, can somebody who's
never done any art use this course? Certainly! All a great artist is, is someone who
has practiced for hundreds and hundreds of hours. So if you've not done it before,
we'll take you from the very basics, up to those hundreds and hundreds of hours.
And Blender's a free package even, that's just as powerful as something like
3D Studio or Maya. So this would be a great time, if you're at say
Bowl Master or beyond, to start making your own 3D assets. Thanks, Mikey!
Thank you! Take care! So 2016 is the year that Virtual
Reality is finally going to take off! The problem is, most people don't know how to develop
for it, so I have teamed up with Sam! High, I'm Sam! Cool,
Sam! So what is this VR course going to teach them, taught in Unity by the way? Yes,
so we're going to take you through, step by step, everything you need to develop your own VR
maps, and as Ben said, we're going to be doing it in Unity. And you might think that it's too
expensive to get into VR right now. Well what do they need, Sam? What's the minimum bit of
hardware they need. So all you need is a $20 Google Cardboard!
You don't need any fancy equipment like the Oculus Rift, which costs a lot of money, and we'll
also be teaching you how to use the Samsung Gear VR, if you happen
to have one of those. Fantastic! So you just pop your smart phone in the Carboard
and you're good to go! So take a look at the Virtual Reality course,
and start getting ahead of the curve right now! Thanks, Sam! Thank you! I really appreciate it!
So moving on from Virtual Reality we have my Game Physics course! So
Unity has a pretty powerful physics system in it. There's a couple of challenges, if it can't do
something it can't do it, and secondly, we don't really know what's going on under the hood.
So in my Game Physics course, we take you step by step through how to make your
own Game Physics Engine, and then, we use that knowledge to extend and improve
upon Unity's built in physics, to get all sorts of interesting and weird
effects, that just aren't possible using the standard physics! So if you're interested in learning
more about physics, come and see me in Game Physics! Finally,
if you really want to level up your game development, you need to check out the Complete
Unreal Developer! This uses C++, which
is a language that is similar in many ways to C# but is the industry standard!
It's going to give you more flexibility and more performance than C#, and everything
you've learned about C# will be a fantastic grounding for your journey into C++.
Furthermore, Unreal is a Triple A game engine! You will
have seen some amazing games made with the Unreal Engine! I don't know about you, but when
I see that logo come up I think, yes this game is going to look good! So Unreal is
the next step in your game development career. Please join me over on the Complete
Unreal Developer, which is a course that's the result of
another Kickstarter that funded over 1,000%! Documentation from Unreal is terrible,
our solutions are great! Come and join me over there now!